well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so tonight we're going to talk
about foreign policy we're gonna talk
about the foreign policy we have and the
foreign policy we should have it sounds
crazy how do you know what foreign
policy we should have how can we figure
that out we could look at our first
foreign policy document and that would
tell us a lot and it would give us good
goals because it was pure it was pure
because nobody had power yet so nobody
was trying to maintain it we hold these
truths to be self-evident that all men
are created equal that they are endowed
by their creator with certain
inalienable rights that among these are
life liberty and the pursuit of
happiness that to secure these rights
governments are instituted among men
deriving their just powers from the
consent of the governed key phrase that
whenever any form of government becomes
destructive to these ends it is the
right of the people to alter or abolish
it it's part of the Declaration of
Independence so what do you have there
life liberty pursuit of happiness its
self-determination those are the four
things
Pursuit of Happyness mm-hmm that varies
widely by culture what people think of
as happiness that's very subjective I'm
gonna go around raising armies to
enforce happiness you can promote it but
you can't enforce it so that kind of
comes off the table as far as foreign
policies we think of it today then
Liberty Liberty is slightly less
subjective you know in the United States
we talk about freedom talk about it and
few people really remember what it means
but we talk about it
liberty and freedom aren't really the
same thing there are a lot of people who
value safety more than Liberty I know
there's much people that are going to
put a founding father quote down there
and that's fine
but we can't enforce our idea of Liberty
on people otherwise it's not really
Liberty now is it not only that it flies
in the face of self-determination and
then life that one's obvious and that
one is universal so on a universal level
you have life and self-determination
that's what our foreign policy should be
promoting that's what he should be about
and if we did that man it'd be great
because it was so pure there was no
power to be maintained at this point
it's just ideas
had we stuck to this think of the
outcomes how would the Native Americans
have been treated if we actually stuck
to this life liberty pursuit of
happiness and self-determination there
would have been no Trail of Tears had we
stuck to this slavery couldn't have
existed because it relied on a
transatlantic trade they violated they
became corrupted almost immediately
after drafting this because then there
was power to be had you know the most
radical revolutionary becomes a
conservative of the day after the
rebellion type of thing
but at this moment it was pure pure was
just about people so this is the foreign
policy we should promote the problem
with that is that we exist in the real
world and this isn't the foreign policy
we currently have foreign policy we
currently have is about dominance it's
about maintaining global power so what
that means is that if you're advocating
for this kind of foreign policy your
opinion on any given situation has to
change as the situation on the ground
changes give me an example since it's
fresh in everybody's mind Syria when we
started propagandizing for regime change
this is before the protests is
understand we triggered that
no we shouldn't do that we should not do
that self-determination it's an issue
don't do it not only that you're
probably going to start a civil war
which are always the worst as far as
loss of life especially for civilians
shouldn't do that civil war pops off
okay so it's already started
maybe we arm the Kurds
self-determination we shouldn't get
involved let it resolved as quickly as
possible
boots on the ground decisive be decisive
do everything as quickly as possible
take out leadership don't arm the
moderate rebels situation stabilizes you
want to preserve life you keep it stable
maybe you help the Kurds
self-determination you don't withdraw
retreat and destabilize it create a
power vacuum and initiate a new
offensive which creates more loss of
life that those are the evolutions of my
stances on Syria because my vision of
foreign policy is guided by that life
liberty pursuit of happiness
self-determination
now there are some people who will say
no well we have to protect Syria's
sovereignty their self-determination
mm-hmm
those borders were drawn up because they
didn't have self-determination because
the people there weren't considered
their colonial borders literally don't
care about them they're not important to
me the people in those areas
that's important and if you have a
section say the Northeast that doesn't
want to be a part of Syria forcing it to
be a part is imperialist and it flies in
the face of life liberty pursuit of
happiness and self-determination it's
hard because you end up changing your
position and that's one of the things
that people as a whole don't like to do
we don't like to be seen as being
indecisive but if you're advocating for
something that doesn't exist and the
thing that does exist flies in the face
of it you have to continue to evolve
your position based on the reality it's
real easy to say well we shouldn't have
got involved well that's great but we
did and now if we're reckless a whole
bunch of people are going to die
a whole bunch of people are going to
lose their life liberty pursuit of
happiness and self-determination now in
this case because it does appear that
the Syrian government and the Russian
government were very aware of what was
going to happen the loss of life so far
has been minimal that doesn't mean that
it's going to stay that way probably
won't when you take a stance understand
that new information should change your
opinion ideas stand and fall on their
own and as the situation on the ground
in any situation evolves your opinion
should evolve with it
anyway it's just a fault y'all have a
good night